♪ wistful music
He wanted to be
buried here.
There's a spot. marked on a map.
I know the spot.
I can't remember his face.
If I were you.
I wouldn't listen.
Play it.
Jesus! Fuck. Paul!
-  Just hold on.
-  Christ.
Stacy!
Oh. my God.
I heard him die.
As much as I like sitting here.
it hurts more
than you'll ever know.
So. if you're wondering
how I feel about you.
I feel enough to
sit here and take it.
Abby.
if I were you. I would
set my hooks
pretty deep in that one.
They're not making
any more men like him.
I wonder if you know
how happy this would make him.
It would fill his heart.
Tomorrow. we bury them.
♪ slow. haunting music ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
♪ music swells ♪
That's an elk track right there.
Oh.
Look. there's another one.
No. that's moose.
How can you tell the difference?
If you spend enough time
tracking. you just know.
Ah.
So. do you have any questions
about today?
Like what?
I don't know.
Asking you.
Well. you're gonna bury 'em.
We are. mm-hmm.
Then what happens?
Uh. then
they return to the land.
And their bodies become...
a part of it.
um. and their souls. too.
I guess.
They don't go to heaven?
I think this is their heaven.
Heaven is...
Oh. how do I explain this?
- Um...
- Our teacher says
there is no heaven.
You know. I don't know if you've
already figured this out.
but do not believe everything
your teacher says.
Heaven is
your... perfect place.
For some. it's
ice cream oceans
and marshmallow mountains.
And...
others. it's these mountains.
Does that make sense?
And Grandpa's heaven is here.
I think so.
But if you think he's here. why
is everyone so sad he's gone?
Well. his heaven isn't mine.
and...
...you know. I can't see him
and I can't talk to him
and can't hug him.
and he can't hug me.
and I... I miss that.
Yeah.
I miss it. too.
But that's why we have memories.
We can revisit all those times
that we did have.
All the talks. all the laughs.
all the hugs. and...
You know. it's like a movie.
We can...
We can play it over and over
as many times as we want.
you know. in our minds.
You know what I mean?
I do.
Not the same. though.
as a real hug.
No. it's not the same.
♪ sentimental music ♪
Right here. huh?
She marked it on a map.
All right.
Well. we ain't getting
a backhoe down here.
Might be able to get a tractor
up from the river. but...
...not sure
what good that'll do us.
No. these holes are getting dug
the old Irish way.
Yep.
How the hell we gonna
get the caskets here?
Swensons still feed
off a wagon. don't they?
That's a good idea.
You want to call
or run for shovels?
Ah. you call. I'll run.
My gelding's
just gonna follow you.
Yank off that bridle.
Yeah.
♪ gentle music ♪
I am aware.
Yes. I am aware.
We have had a death
in the family.
I'm pretty sure the world
of girls' volleyball
will survive
the week without her.
Yes. you are correct.
I am not factoring
how this affects anyone else
even a little.
Fucking school.
Is this gonna be okay?
It's gonna have to do.
honey. it's all you got.
Hey.
It's just us.
Okay?
There's nobody to be offended.
What did school say?
You're missing
a volleyball tournament.
It's okay.
Hey.
- Hey.
Where'd you find cream?
Same shopping center
where I found the dress.
I got to say.
Bozeman impressed me.
I wasn't expecting to find
Donna Karan in the mountains.
Found a little something
- for you. too.
- Yeah.
Preston would
prefer me in jeans.
I think he would find a certain
victory in that.
He deserves
a little black dress.
and that's exactly
what I got you.
Did the boys say
when they would be ready?
They said to walk over at noon.
How are they gonna
get them out there?
I didn't ask.
and they didn't say.
They just said it was handled.
About two hours.
Preston wrote a chapter on...
telling time
from the sun's position.
It's... alarmingly accurate.
The girls asked me
to arrange a plane.
When?
Tonight.
Oh...
Okay.
They need closure. honey.
They won't get it here.
They have lives.
and they need to go live them.
I would very much like
to plan a memorial service.
He has a lot of friends that
deserve a way to say goodbye.
Does he?
He does.
And you know that.
We could do it
at the Explorers Club.
Okay. just...
How about the apartment?
Have Carbone cater.
He loved that place.
I already called.
You flying back. too?
I have a very worried husband.
He's convinced some distant
cousin of the Unabomber
is going to abduct me
and hold me in his basement
for ransom.
Depending on the cousin.
I'm not completely opposed.
- Oh. stop.
- Of course. that's my
warped romance novel
version of abduction.
I doubt that's how
it would play out. Lili.
That is how it'd play out
in my mind after two Percocets.
so...
You think I'm joking?
- No.
- No?
I love you.
There is nowhere
I would rather be
than with you when you need me.
I know.
I have a little bottle of Kahlúa
if you would like
some lead in that coffee.
Oh.
Well. now you're talking.
♪ contemplative music ♪
Little more. more.
Okay.
Of course you
packed the perfect dress.
Is there some little
black dress tree
by the river
that I am unaware of?
Okay. girls.
And Russell.
♪ mournful music ♪
- Where are they?
- Uh. coming.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
Thank you.
Sorry for your loss.
- Sorry for the snot.
- No. it's fine.
I'm sorrier
than you'll ever know.
Thank you.
Okay. boys.
Watch your hand.
Mrs. Clyburn.
- I'm very sorry for your loss.
- Thank you.
Is a preacher coming?
I forgot.
I-I didn't-- I--
Uh...
this one'll be sans preacher.
What's that mean?
- Means we don't have one.
- Oh.
Do you have someone
to govern the proceedings?
We. um...
This is my first funeral here.
so we're sort of winging it.
Well. this is
far from my first rodeo.
Um. do you mind
if I say something first
and then give you all
a chance to speak?
I don't think my group
has many speeches in them.
Do you mind a prayer?
I do not.
Lord. we stand before You
with heavy hearts.
With the glory of love
comes the pain of loss.
and we look to You for comfort.
Remind us that
it is a selfish pain
because You have promised
a place called Heaven
where our departed
bask in the glow of Your grace.
They are no longer men.
They are angels
who guide us through darkness.
lift us when we are weak
and nourish our souls
and spirits.
Our pain is a selfish pain
because we do not know
this place. Heaven.
We lean on our faith
that it exists.
and on Your mercy
that it holds a place for us
where we may sit in Your light
beside our loved ones
and know only joy forever.
Amen.
Uh. if anyone would like a word.
Stacy.
It's not the first time
you've given that speech.
No. ma'am.
It's a good one.
You care to say something?
I have plenty to say.
but I won't be saying it today.
Guess that's it. then.
Um...
So. what happens now?
We'll take care of everything.
Wait. that's it?
That's-that's it?
If you have something to say.
then say it. Paige.
I-I don't know what to say.
Wh-What are you supposed to say?
I think that's her point.
Which one's Paul?
Goddamn you
for taking him from us.
I love you.
Everyone deals with it
different. don't they. boys?
I don't think
they're dealing with it at all.
Not yet. anyway.
Who can blame 'em?
♪ somber music ♪
Thank you.
Pretty sneaky. trying to have
a funeral and not tell anybody.
Oh. I...
I-I didn't know
anyone would care. I--
We let you have the funeral.
We will not be denied our feast.
When they decided
to build these cabins.
they wanted to do it all
themselves.
Mill the wood. frame it.
rough in the electric.
the whole deal.
Look at the bottom of 'em there.
They're sitting
on railroad ties.
and I could not figure out
what in the hell purpose
that would serve.
And I told 'em they're gonna be
colder than the devil in winter.
and every skunk and raccoon
and God knows what else
is gonna set up shop
underneath them.
Well. Preston just
looked at me and nodded.
Didn't say a word.
About six months later.
tax assessor
comes by my place and says.
"Have you seen these cabins
they built next door?"
I said I had.
And he asked me
if I'd ever seen 'em move.
I said. "Move? What do-what do
you mean. move?"
Tax assessor says. when he tried
to put a value on 'em.
your husband said
they was mobile homes.
You pick 'em up with a forklift
and move 'em.
And asked me if I'd ever
seen 'em be mobile.
Well. I told him.
"Well. yeah. they haul 'em
all over the place."
And if you look at the back
of that outhouse.
your husband nailed tires
from a shopping cart
and said that son of a bitch
was mobile. too.
He did not want to pay
any taxes.
I wondered what those were for.
Preston always had issues
with authority.
Wheels on the outhouse.
Never seen anything like it.
No.
Indian tacos.
Good stuff.
Want some?
Mm. how about
some of those cookies?
Ah. Good choice.
I was thinking. like. three.
What's your mom
gonna say about that?
My mom's not gonna say anything
'cause she's not gonna
see me eat 'em.
Let's keep this between us.
I think that's a good idea.
♪ gentle music ♪
-  Thank you for today.
-  Mm.
It means more than you know.
Someone had to do it for me.
I know what it means.
I'm sorry it had to be done.
We're flying out tonight.
Girls have missed enough school.
and I have
exhausted my wardrobe.
- Mm.
- But...
...I'd like to come back.
Or...
dare I invite you to New York?
Well. the only way
you get me to New York
is if it seceded from the Union
and I was drafted into the army
to take it back.
Okay. you got to
go a little easier
- on my city. buddy.
-  I'm-I'm...
I'm not knocking it.
I'm just not going there.
Fair enough.
Then I'll come visit.
Sure.
I mean it.
Okay.
Hmm.
I'm a sheriff's deputy
who makes $52.000 a year.
I have $12.000 in the bank.
and I'm about to spend six of it
on a pretty average rope horse.
Three nights a week.
I'm gonna load him in a trailer
and drag him all over Montana
trying to win back
what I spent on him.
In October. I'm gonna
take my boys in the mountains
for a month
and fill our freezer with elk.
I ain't never
laying on no beach.
I'm never going to Europe.
or San Francisco or any city
bigger than Billings.
Ever.
What part of that
sounds good to you?
- None of it.
- Now. walk me through your life.
What won't you change?
I don't have
those kind of obstacles.
I--
Just walk me through it.
Macy has gymnastics
every morning.
From there. I go to Pilates.
From Pilates.
I go to my therapist. From
my therapist. I go to coffee
with my girlfriends to talk
about all the bullshit advice
my therapist gave me.
Then I pick up Macy and I get
Bridgett and we go to ballet.
We have recitals
every Friday night.
Saturday morning.
we have competitions.
- Mm.
- I take the girls to St. Barts
for Christmas.
Italy for the month of July.
which you would love.
I will point out.
Who feeds the horses?
Isn't there a service for that?
You have to do it every day?
Okay.
Okay. there is
no future in this.
but you are tall
and kind and fucking beautiful.
You are tall
and kind and beautiful.
Okay. So can we just agree
to fuck this up together
and have as much sex
- as possible until...
-  Jesus.
- until we can't?
- Yeah.
you city girls
do spell it out. don't you?
Yeah. we-we...
we get to the point.
- Yup. we do.
- I go
from wondering when
we're gonna see each other
to wondering when
you're gonna leave. I...
I think I'd rather
just miss you.
- I'm not gone yet.
- You know what I mean.
So is this goodbye?
I think it's best.
Oh. wow.
Let me just clarify
that you are breaking up with me
at my father's funeral.
We-we aren't together
to break up. We--
No. no. no. we seemed pretty
together yesterday when
- you were lying on top of me.
- Abby. I--
Don't fucking
"Abby" me now.
You want to miss me?
Is that what you want?
Here's your fucking chance.
♪ melancholy music ♪
Oh.
It's time to go home. isn't it?
It's been time. honey.
When did
your father die. Russell?
Um. it'll be. uh.
six years in April.
Where is he buried?
Uh. my mother had him cremated.
Yeah. the plan was
to spread his ashes
at our place in Montauk.
but... never did it.
I don't know why.
So. he's sitting in a jar
on our mantle.
which is an odd custom.
Putting ashes in a jar
above a fireplace full of ashes.
What do you miss most
about him?
He used to call me every Monday
and. uh. tell me a joke.
- Really?
- Mm.
You still remember them?
Oh. yeah.
Tell me one.
- Oh. no. no. no.
- Come on.
Uh. they. um...
Yeah. my father had a. uh.
rather warped sense of humor.
Yeah. well. at this point.
I'm pretty hard to offend.
Mm.
Okay.
Um...
So there are four nuns
driving in a van.
And the van goes off a cliff.
and they all die.
- Funny.
- No. no. no. that's...
I'm-I'm getting to the story.
This is all just the setup.
- Yeah. I got-I got it. yeah.
- Okay.
So they're standing
at the pearly gates.
and St. Peter looks them over.
and he says to the first nun.
"This is your last chance
to confess
before you enter
the gates of Heaven.
and your conscience must be
cleansed before you enter."
So the first nun thinks
about it. and she says.
"Well...
I used to sneak peeks
at Father Riley in the shower."
- Mm-hmm.
- St. Peter says.
"Well. you're
a naughty one. sister.
Wash your eyes in this bowl
of holy water
and say five Hail Marys."
She does.
Sends her off to Heaven.
So he looks at the second nun.
asks her the same thing.
She says. "Well. on occasion.
I would stroke Father Riley's
member with my hand."
St. Peter just shakes his head.
tells her to wash her hand
in the bowl of holy water.
say ten Hail Marys.
So. she does.
lets her into Heaven.
Now the third nun steps up.
but the fourth nun grabs her.
throws her to the ground
and steps up
to the bowl of holy water.
St. Peter says. "What on earth
are you doing. Sister?"
And the nun says. "I'm gonna
wash my mouth out in this bowl
before that bitch puts her ass
in it."
I stand corrected. Russell.
I can still be offended.
That was very poorly chosen.
I'm sorry. It was the first one
that came to my mind.
I am so sorry. I...
- It's terrible.
- Common denominator
for their problem
seems to be Father Riley.
Yeah. he. uh. did get around.
Ah. What's in it?
Vodka soda. easy on the soda.
God bless you.
I'm meeting Stefan at the gym
at 9:00. if you're up for it.
Oh. yeah.
Exercise is exactly what I need.
I see things didn't end well
with the cowboy?
Has that look about it.
Paige has been quiet.
I think
this is going to be hardest
on her. I'm afraid.
- How so?
- When you've dedicated
your entire life to gaining
the attention of one person...
...what is your purpose
when that person is gone?
The girls are handling it well.
at least.
Yeah. well. they're too young
to know the difference.
Just one less present
at Christmas.
I know an excellent
therapist. Stacy.
You are my therapist.
You're my best friend.
I'm incapable
of being impartial.
Speaking to someone
who can look at the situation
with clarity
and with zero opinion--
What I need is opinion.
If I want to know
what the book on death says.
I'll buy the fucking book.
♪ thoughtful music ♪
I ordered
a charcuterie board from Eataly.
And the pizzas from Joe's?
One of us is thinking
about your cholesterol.
Pizzas are for Paul.
It's the one thing
he misses about this city.
Look at you.
- Look at me. what?
-  Men are such children.
Well. this
should be interesting.
You are. You have
the same look on your face
pulling out those nasty boots
as an 11-year-old
pulling out his baseball cleats.
It's the same look
you get when Gucci has a sale.
That's different.
That's me saving you money.
You know.
this is proof
of the genetic distinction
between men and women.
Tell me. oh. love of my life.
all the ways how when
you buy something on sale.
it saves me money.
I'm gonna buy the damn thing
no matter what.
Waiting for the sale
is how much I love you.
- That almost makes sense.
- It makes perfect sense
once you accept the
inevitability of the purchase.
Okay.
Why do you do that?
What?
Is your little
mountain mistress
the jealous type?
You want to know?
I do want to know.
I really want to know.
Because I lost it once.
Fell off in the river.
I spent two days looking for it.
I'm not going
through that shit again.
So if I put it right there.
I can't lose it.
Hmm. Panicked. were you?
- Terrified.
- Mm.
It's nice to see
I still have that effect.
Oh. boy.
Do you ever. baby.
♪ pensive music ♪
Oh. Madison Avenue.
How did they get the name.
do you think?
- I always assumed James Madison.
- Oh.
- The president.
- Yeah.
Of course.
That would make sense.
Yeah.
I suppose
they named the Madison River
after him. as well.
Where's the Madison River?
Montana.
Where your husband spent time?
Mm-hmm.
Is that where he died?
No.
He died on another river.
Actually. no.
he died on a mountain.
No-no river involved at all.
How do you feel
when you tell me that?
How do you think I feel?
I don't presume to know.
It's why I asked.
Isn't that your job?
To tell me how I feel?
My job is to help you
understand how you feel.
- Hmm.
- More so.
my job is to help you
understand the behaviors
that those feelings elicit.
Hmm.
And how would you describe
my present behavior?
Hostile.
Hostile?
Mistrusting.
Which I understand.
You don't know me.
And yet. here you are.
in theory.
willing to expose
your most personal thoughts
and intimate feelings.
Trust me in my interpretation
of those feelings
and behaviors...
...to guide your decision-making
in the future.
My decision-making?
What...
what-what decisions
are we questioning?
- I'm not questioning any.
- No. you are the one
who said it.
My husband died.
The love of my life.
the father of my children.
my center. my soul is gone.
If you. by chance. have
happened upon any information
that might assist me
in mitigating the desire
to claw my eyes out
with a fucking spoon
to get rid of the pain.
I sure would appreciate that.
But I do not need
you staring at me
like I'm some bored housewife
trying to justify her affair
with her fucking tennis coach.
I know those women.
plenty of them.
I am not one of them.
I...
am hurting.
And I would like
some help with that.
If you can.
If you can't...
...then I'll leave early.
And you can keep
the fucking change.
You care for a drink?
I would love one.
Don't normally do this.
Spend most of my time convincing
my clients not to self-medicate.
Don't mind whiskey?
I don't give a shit what it is.
What you need is this.
A lot of this.
Not this.
A lot of talking.
And yelling and crying.
A lot of it. and often.
And in time...
...those memories
will become fond again.
They won't hurt to recall them.
And you'll...
laugh.
Will you love again?
Maybe.
I don't have any idea
if that's something you want.
Will you ever be whole again?
Will you feel
like you did before he died?
No.
But you know that.
But you will heal
if you let yourself.
You will have
as much life to live
as you allow yourself.
Or you'll have none.
You'll have no life.
Does that make sense?
Yeah.
Okay.
Why don't you finish your drink
and let me have it?
Seriously.
Come on.
Give it your best shot.
You're a terrible therapist.
you know that?
Yeah.
With that smug fucking sweater.
You really like
saying "fuck." don't you?
I know.
I find it quite...
...liberating. at the moment.
Good.
Say it again.
Fuck you.
Are we gonna do trust falls
next. you fucking quack?
It's a really good place
to start. Come on.
Keep it coming.
Let's go.
- Mm?
- I'm serious.
I'm thinking about it.
I'm considering it.
I know. I know. I know.
I'm running away.
running away from my problems.
But this problem
goes with me. so
I'm not running from anything.
Would I miss my daughters?
Uh...
Honestly. I don't...
I don't know.
And part of me thinks
it would be better for them.
You know. live their own lives.
Maybe they could move with you.
I mean. it doesn't sound like
either of them are bound
- to the city.
- That's what I said.
My oldest daughter needs it.
I...
...actually threatened
to cut her off if she didn't.
That's not very nice.
Oh. what. do they teach sarcasm
in therapy school these days?
Well. if by "therapy school"
you mean Dartmouth.
then. yeah.
they kind of invented it there.
You think I should?
Not my place to say. but...
...I think
you should consider it.
and I'll tell you why.
Because you are actively
weighing your future
and the consequences
of your choices in that future.
and that's healthy.
That's good for your soul.
So whether you actually
do it is irrelevant.
But you should
seriously consider it.
You should consider
moving to Europe.
spend a year traveling.
You've got the financial means.
no responsibilities here
preventing it.
You should consider everything.
Wish I could have met him.
Must have been a hell of a man.
Because you are
a hell of a woman.
You know who you are
and you're not ashamed of it.
And this-- the yelling.
and crying and pondering--
this is what
you're supposed to be doing.
This is grieving.
This is accepting an
immeasurable loss in your life
and racking your brain to try
to find a way to survive it.
And you will.
Thank you. Phil.
Wow.
This has been...
...pleasantly cathartic.
I took one look at that sweater.
and I had very little faith
in you. but you--
you overcame it.
Turns out you don't
suck at your job.
Well. that is wildly offensive.
Thank you.
Same time tomorrow?
I'm thinking afternoon.
I still got five clients.
and I'm pretty drunk.
I think you are a client to end
the day with. not begin one.
Fine.
See you at happy hour.
♪ serene music ♪
Across
the northern plains and into
the upper Midwest. a colder
air mass is settling in.
Who's your realtor?
Yeah. No matter what I do.
I can't stay here.
Lili. I can smell him.
Hold on. hold on.
Is everything okay?
So. um. Paige is-is-is in bed.
and she won't talk.
and she can't stop crying.
and she's...
Well. she's hyperventilating.
and I feel like
I should call an ambulance.
but I don't...
Like. I feel like that
might make her worse.
No. you're right. you're right.
It would.
I'll be there in 15 minutes.
- Call Abby.
- Okay. okay. Calling her now.
- Is she in the bedroom?
- Yeah.
Uh...
do you have any sweets?
- Sweets?
- Okay. get some ice cream--
rocky road--
and buy some chocolate chips.
Put three scoops
in a glass of milk.
put the chocolate chips on top.
and-and then just bring it
to me with a spoon.
That sounds. uh.
disgusting. to start.
I wasn't asking
your opinion of it. Russell.
I got rocky road.
Desperate times call
for desperate measures.
- Grabbed the chocolate chips?
- The shitty ones like she likes.
Well. looks like all we need
from you is a cup. Russell.
Give it to her.
- She knows how to make it.
- Got it. Okay.
Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
- Hey. it's okay. It's okay.
- I... I'm sorry.
It's okay. It's okay. It's okay.
You know what this is?
Wha-What?
This is how much you loved him.
And your body just doesn't know
where to put all that love now.
Okay? But you don't
have to put it anywhere.
And you don't
have to stop loving someone
when they're gone. honey.
In fact. one could argue
that you should love them more.
And here's a sad fact of life.
You will feel this way again.
- No.
- Yeah. when I die.
When your husband dies
and your friends.
And-and someday.
your children
will feel this way about you.
Thanks. Mom.
I feel so much better.
I come bearing gifts.
I'm not hungry.
It's not food.
It is a drug.
It is sugar and chocolate
in a mixture
that only your metabolism
can process in a way
that doesn't end up
on your hips.
And I hate you for it.
I used to eat this
when I was. like. five.
Well. you still act five. so...
Mmm.
Fuck you and your bad roots.
Now she's back.
I don't understand it.
It's the crunch with the cold
and the mushy of the ice cream.
Right.
The explanation
doesn't sell it. Paige.
Well...
You got her?
I got her.
but I cannot stay the night.
I can stay the night.
Mmm.
- This is my favorite thing ever.
- I know.
She okay?
Yeah. she will be.
Mm.
Is there a decent bar near here?
Um. there's a...
there's a dive bar
around the corner.
Well. SoHo's version
of a dive bar.
Hmm.
What's this place called?
Um. I don't know.
I'm-I'm not sure it has a name.
Hmm.
Hi.
What's the name of this place?
Name?
Uh. people just call it the bar.
Or the bar down the street.
Something like that.
- No name?
- Not that I'm aware of. no.
What does your paycheck say?
Uh. XT Enterprises LLC
or some shit.
Okay. so...
Bar just doesn't have a name.
No name.
What can I get you?
Oh. God.
I'm. uh...
I am not in the mood
to make any decisions.
Mm-hmm.
Martini?
Oh. that is a cocktail.
and this is the furthest place
from a cocktail bar. so...
True that.
Uh. how about a Irish car bomb?
I have no idea what that is.
- Trust me.
-  Okay.
What about you?
What kind of amber ales
do you have?
That'll be two Irish car bombs.
Hey. I like your style.
Two Irish car bombs.
I have to work in the morning.
It's one drink. Russell.
Ooh. I didn't see that coming.
- Um...
- Oh. gosh. Apologies. Russell.
This is gonna hurt.
Uh. y--
Great.
- You got to... Yeah.
-  Yeah.
It went down the wrong pipe.
I have a bad gag reflex.
No. no. I'm not...
I'm-I'm not laughing at that.
What. then?
Oh. life.
And the choices people make.
Don't get me wrong.
She made a good one with you.
What are your dreams?
- Dreams?
- Or...
you know. "aspirations"
might be a better word.
For your life.
For my daughter.
I mean. what--
Uh. you know.
we-we just got
the town house. so we--
Yeah. well. that's a purchase.
not a dream.
Have you two
- talked about starting a family?
- Uh.
you know Paige.
She just got down
to a size zero.
and she worked really hard
for it. so--
Okay. Russell. Russell.
independent thoughts.
Do you have any?
Yeah. I mean. I guess
I want-I want to have kids.
- Mm-hmm. Okay.
- And I want to raise them.
and I want to...
I want to move out of town.
you know. where they can
have a normal--
You know. tr--
you know. trick-or-treat
and-and play baseball
and run out on the street.
you know?
Mm. No. I don't know.
No. I don't know.
I raised mine here.
Right.
Well. that would be my dream.
What about when they're grown?
What's the dream then?
I don't know. I don't know.
I-I haven't gotten that far.
Yeah. well.
then you need a new dream.
Honestly. I always thought
of you and Preston as the dream.
So did I. Russell.
♪ thoughtful music ♪
But that dream is over.
Then I guess
we both need a new one.
Yeah.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm